# Hanglings hangboard app

What It needs to have.

A way for users to track their history / progress.

They need to be able to set their own amount of reps, their own amount of sets, the resting time between reps, the resting time between sets. (with explanation because I switch them up every time lol).


## Features

- Users must be able to specify the **quantity** their **repetitions**, and **sets**.
- Users must be able to specify the **seconds** of their **rep rest** and **set rest**.

- Users must be be able to specify their hanging position per rep.
- If there's an uneven hang, it must be duplicated for the other side as well.

- There's a preview routine at the end.
- Play routine.

- Save their made workout
- Share their made workout (if they're active at all, otherwise there would be a swamp of shit).


## Design


- So main screen takes you to where you can view the different workouts.
From here you need to be able to preview the workout, start the workout or edit / delete the workout.

On the main screen there's a button or something else to add a workout.


- There's a create workout page
On this page, first you fill in the amount of reps/sets + the amount of rest in between reps / sets.
On the next page (same page?), you can position the fingers for the fingers for each rep. (don't do it autmatically, let the users do it themselves to have it mirrored, ;O)
Then there's a preview page

- There's also a settings page.
Here you can specify the sounds.

-There's a share workout page where you can download the popular workouts (not MVP)

## Difficulty

What determines this?

- amount of fingers
- rest time
- holds
- hang time
- amount of sets

Everything basically

Determine a formula to set the difficulty (maybe, at a later stage convert this difficulty to a grade)

## Main page

What it needs to have: 

- Overview of all the workouts
- It needs to be clear which one, evt name + diff
- Settings panel
- Per workout, once you click on it, you need to have an overview of the most important items
- Overview of the holds you're going to grab

Maybe a scroll bar / not mvp

### Workout collapse

- Name + diff
- Number of reps + sets
- Total time

-Edit button
-Start button



Wood texture?

yellow < orange < blue < red < black



## Settings

- Sound settings
- Seconds before workout starts
- Default hangboard maybe


## Edit

Delete workout


## New workout


- There's a create workout page
On this page, first you fill in the amount of reps/sets + the amount of rest in between reps / sets.
On the next page (same page?), you can position the fingers for the fingers for each rep. (don't do it autmatically, let the users do it themselves to have it mirrored, ;O)
Then there's a preview page


## Beginner workout 

12s hang
2 min rest
2 sets


## Training history.


## Hangboards

bm 1000
bm 2000
transgression
tension
tension pro
zlagboard
moonboard hard
moonboard easy
metolius
rock prodigy
problemsolver
meto contact
meto project
meto simulator
meto wood
meto deluxe
kraxlboard
drcc
solution
edge
matrix
core
so ill boost
ultimate
grill
grillto

## App need to be able to run in background! super impo that timer runs

## Things to incorporate.

Have an 'advanced' mode that toggles ALL grip holds + board selection + added weight + variable hold hang time + one handed


## Typography

Lato
Staatliches

## Workout screen

### Rest

Countdown timer to start

### Hang

### Effort level at the end of a workout

Display nicely what the next hold is going to look like (BIG!!). Ideally, go sideways

### Buttons

Pause
Re-do?? => back button
Stop
Forward + back buttons

Instead of indicators which grip / set / etc your on, you can display a sleak progress bar




